Support for Azure OpenAI API (#212)
svilupp/PromptingTools.jl: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - Support for [Azure OpenAI API](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/openai/reference). Requires two environment variables to be st: `AZURE_OPENAI_API_KEY` and `AZURE_OPENAI_ENDPOINT`(i.e. https://<resource-name>.openai.azure.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support for [Azure OpenAI API](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/openai/reference). Requires two environment variables to be set: `AZURE_OPENAI_API_KEY` and `AZURE_OPENAI_HOST`(i.e. https://<resource-name>.openai.azure.com).
```

Small typo!
